docs: add docs for reworked assertionFn and new rule (#1030)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/rules/custom-rules.md

-- | -- | --
value | `string` \| [`string`] | Value that appears at the corresponding location.
options | `object` | Options that is described in the configuration file.

> ctx | `object` | Context object corresponds to the [Context object](../resources/custom-plugins.md#the-context-object) and extended by 2 properties: `baseLocation`, and `rawValue`. Base location (`baseLocation`) corresponds to the location in the source document for current assertion. (See [Location Object](../resources/custom-plugins.md#location-object)). Raw value is the original value that appears at the corresponding assertion location. 

Reviewer: We actually need a better example though (I think I gave a scenario to show).

> ctx | `object` | Context object corresponds to the [Context object](../resources/custom-plugins.md#the-context-object) and extended by 2 properties: `baseLocation`, and `rawValue`. Base location (`baseLocation`) corresponds to the location in the source document for current assertion. (See [Location Object](../resources/custom-plugins.md#location-object)). Raw value is the original value that appears at the corresponding assertion location. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ctx | `object` | `ctx` object extends the [Context object](../resources/custom-plugins.md#the-context-object) with two properties: `baseLocation`, and `rawValue`. Base location (`baseLocation`) contains the location in the source document for current assertion. (See [Location Object](../resources/custom-plugins.md#location-object)). Raw value is the original assertion value.
```
